Dust, you have mastered it now
60% of the shares of the Du Group
But there are still some people who support Du Feiyun
I have always opposed you, don't bother with them
Just a bunch of fish
Oh, right
I've been paying attention to the development projects of New City recently.
I heard from an insider.
Dongcheng District will become
Land for new urban development
It may surge in two days.
Something to be expected
But the more they quarreled,
The more beneficial it is to us
what do you mean
Qiu Ziyu
If I hadn't pitied you and let you stay in the company
How could you achieve what you have today?
Mr. Du should be back.
If you have anything to say, please say it as soon as possible.
I won't make it difficult for you.
Pingduchen's trust in you
It's not too much to ask him to mobilize 2 billion.
I can't decide 2 billion
Please go back.
Zhu Ziyu, don't forget who you are
What
What a coincidence. Why are you here?
Du Chen, why are you here?
Have you forgotten
This is my company.